virtualmail-pop3d (or vm-pop3d)

vm-pop3d is a POP3 server.

It supports alternative password files and mail spool directories;
it can be used for setting up virtual email accounts -- mailboxes
without real Unix owners for each. This will allow you to have
multiple email accounts with the same name on one system.

The POP3 protocol (by itself) is not secure. (Maybe vm-pop3d can
help by allowing you to use non-real system users.)

vm-pop3d is based on Jakob Kaivo's gnu-pop3d (formerly called ids-pop3d).
I developed ten patches for gnu-pop3d version 0.9.8; accordingly,
the first release of vm-pop3d is version 1.0.8. The code for vm-pop3d
version 1.0.8 should be identical to a virtual mail version 1.0-patched
gnu-pop3d 0.9.8.

vm-pop3d provides UIDL support. This means it can return unique-id's
for each message and the POP3 client can know which messages it has
retrieved previously. This can save a lot of time and bandwidth. On
related note, POP3 is not a good protocol for storing lots of old
mail on a server; all the mail is stored in one huge mailbox, causing
the POP3 servers to be very sluggish (although vm-pop3d is a lot faster
than most other POP3 servers). Do consider deleting the mail often.

This program is licensed under the terms of the GNU General
Public License (GPL). See the file COPYING for this license.
I am sorry the license is so restrictive; if you need a more free
license which you can freely patch and use in proprietry products,
please let me know.

See the AUTHORS file for information about the authors of this software.

Please see the file INSTALL for installation instructions. The INSTALL
document also has information on configuring for virtual users usage.

For "Frequently asked questions" read the FAQ.

A history of changes of vm-pop3d back through the initial
virtual mail patches for gnu-pop3d is available in the CHANGES file.

An example vm-pop3d.spec file is provided to help build an RPM for
this package. (If you make a vm-pop3d.spec file, RPMs, debs, or
other packages, please share.)

The RFC/ directory contains several RFCs related to POP3.
(The following RFCs are obsolete or replaced:
RFC1081, RFC1225, RFC1460, RFC1725 and RFC2095.)

http://www.reedmedia.net/software/virtualmail-pop3d/

Professional, commercial, technical support is available to
install, implement, and configure this virtual email hosting solution.

This is a freely-available open source solution for virtual
email hosting.

If you use vm-pop3d, please consider signing up for the
vm-pop3d-announce mailing list (to receive messages about
new versions, bug fixes, and security updates).

Mailing Lists                  

 vm-pop3d-announce - for announcements of new releases, bug fixes,
   or security problems. (No discussion/no posting).
 vm-pop3d-users - for discussion on installing and using vm-pop3d.
 vm-pop3d-devel - for discussion on code development of vm-pop3d.

To sign up for any of these mailing lists, send an email to
majordomo@lists.kmv.ru and in the body of the message put:
   subscribe listname 

